# Large Hasher Collider :)

Finding collisions on non-cryptographic 64-bit hashers:

```
FNV-1a:
Got 0 collisions!


FxHash:
Got 62 collisions!
academics collides with academise
amygdalae collides with amygdalin
anthozoan collides with anthozoic
baronetage collides with baronetize
bismuthal collides with bismuthic
bladderlike collides with bladdernose
bullaries collides with bullarium
carbolics collides with carbolise
chimaeras collides with chimaerid
colostral collides with colostric
counselful collides with counselled
counterabut collides with counterfeit
counterfoil collides with countervail
desperado collides with desperate
diactinal collides with diactinic
diametral collides with diametric
diplophase collides with diplophyte
dramatics collides with dramatise
ephemeran collides with ephemeric
frustules collides with frustulum
germanies collides with germanium
harmonies collides with harmonium
heliozoan collides with heliozoic
hymnaries collides with hymnarium
hypnotics collides with hypnotism
hispanics collides with hispanism
historics collides with historism
horologes collides with horologue
interstate collides with interstice
interstates collides with interstices
lithophagous collides with lithophilous
localised collides with localisms
merchandy collides with merchants
methodics collides with methodism
monotonal collides with monotonic
narcotics collides with narcotise
obsequies collides with obsequium
opercules collides with operculum
organised collides with organisms
parabasal collides with parabasis
phonetics collides with phonetism
pneumatism collides with pneumatoce
polymerase collides with polymeride
polleniferous collides with pollenivorous
preformant collides with preformist
pressurage collides with pressurize
proctorage collides with proctorize
protozoal collides with protozoic
puerperal collides with puerperia
quadrates collides with quadratum
reticules collides with reticulum
seignorage collides with seignorize
semitonal collides with semitonic
symbolics collides with symbolise
systemics collides with systemise
spirantal collides with spirantic
supersede collides with supersets
theologal collides with theologic
typonymal collides with typonymic
uncentral collides with uncentric
unionised collides with unionisms
```
